Blog post: JDK disturbutions (#508)
ordina-jworks/ordina-jworks.github.io: _posts/2019-05-20-JDK-distributions.md

The license allowed you to use these updates personally and commercially.
The updates had no support so if you wanted support you had to buy a license from Oracle and those licenses also came with longer update cycles.
Starting April 2019, the new Oracle JDK 8 updates will be restricted and will remain free for personal desktop use, development, testing, prototyping, demonstrating and for use with certain types of applications.
Commercial use of these updates requires you to get a license for a paid support plan.
Using older versions is allowed, but will not contain important security patches.

Java 9 brings new update cycles which allows for new implementations like TLS 1.3 to be added to Java faster.
Oracle also started producing Oracle OpenJDK builds which use the GNU General Public License, version 2, with the Classpath Exception.
Every major Java version has free updates for six months until the next major version is released.
If you need new updates and support for these older versions, you will have to buy a license from Oracle which will extend support and updates although they only provide this for LTS releases.

#### Support

So what if I want support from Oracle?

> Support isn't free commitment to fix bugs and requiring to answer users their problems costs money.

Reviewer: This is a really weird sentence IMO. What are you trying to say?

Author: It's trying to explain that support isn't free because Oracle has to hire employees and developers to resolve tickets and fix bugs. We can probably describe this another way.

Author: ```suggestion
Support isn't free Oracle and other companies have to hire employees and developers to provide these support services.
```

Reviewer: That's better! You can then remove the next line too.
I'd add "because" after "Support isn't free" though, but that's up to you. :)
